Update migrate-arm-tips doc (#2821)
Azure/typespec-azure: website/src/content/docs/docs/migrate-swagger/checklists/migrate-arm-tips.md

❌ **DON'T** import or use templates `xxx.Private` namespaces

> ✅ **DO** customizations that only impact client should be in a `client.tsp` file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
❌ **DON'T** import or use `@azure-tools/typespec-client-generator-core` in files other than `client.tsp` or `back-compat.tsp`
❌ **DON'T** reference `client.tsp` in `main.tsp`
✅ **DO** reference `back-compat.tsp` in `main.tsp`
✅ **DO** add customizations that impact only generated client SDKs in `client.tsp`
✅ **DO** add customizations for ARM APIs in `back-compat.tsp`
✅ **DO** add customizations that impact generated client SDKs and generated OpenAPI specs in `back-compat.tsp`
```

I would make these directives out of this

> ✅ **DO** customizations that impact both client and API shape should be in a `back-compatible.tsp` file, and be imported by `main.tsp`

Reviewer 2: @markcowl just to clarify my understanding, the back-compatible.tsp file is only for MPG; for DPG we would not expect this file and also we would expect no or rare usage of tcgc decorators for autorest emitter, right?

> ✅ **DO** customizations that impact both client and API shape should be in a `back-compatible.tsp` file, and be imported by `main.tsp`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
✅ **DO** customizations that impact both client and emitted OpenApi should be in a `back-compatible.tsp` file, and be imported by `main.tsp`
```
